Add chapter about .NET runtime compatibility (#34127)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/versions/index.md

After a release goes out, the release branches generally stop producing daily builds and instead start producing servicing builds. Servicing versions have a `-servicing-[number]` appended to the version. For example, `5.0.1-servicing-006924`.

## .NET Runtime Compatibility

.NET runtime maintains a high level of compatibility between versions. .NET applications should by and large, continue to work after upgrade to a new major .NET runtime version.

Each major .NET runtime version contains intentional, carefully vetted and documented [breaking changes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/breaking-changes). The documented breaking changes are not the only potential source of issues affecting the application after upgrade. For example, a performance improvement in .NET runtime (that is not considered to be a breaking change) can expose latent application threading bugs resulting in an application no longer working on a new .NET runtime major version. It is expected for very large applications to require a few fixes after upgrade to a new .NET runtime major version.

> The .NET runtime applications are configured to run on a given .NET runtime major version by default and recompilation is required to upgrade the application to run on a new .NET runtime major version. It is strongly recommended to re-test the application after upgrade to identify issues affecting the application.

Reviewer: > recompilation is required to upgrade the application to run on a new .NET runtime major version

Required is a strong word.  I agree that in the default configuration/templates, a recompilation is required to set the string configs that allow to run on a new major version.  However, these string configurations are documented as the following paragraph highlights.

I would change required with 'highly recommended'.

Reviewer: > It is strongly recommended

I would change this to 'required'

If upgrading via app recompilation is not feasible, the .NET runtime provides [additional settings](selection.md#control-roll-forward-behavior) to enable application to run on a higher major .NET runtime version than the version application was compiled for. These setting do not change the risks involved in upgrading the application to a higher major .NET runtime version and it is still strongly recommended to retest the application after upgrade.

> 

Reviewer: This section does not differentiate between dependent assemblies from applications.  I feel this guidance needs the nuance to accommodate the whole application.  A case study is .NET standard libraries.  Do they require rebuild to target a different major version (the assembly never had a major version designation)?  I would say no.  Taking this one step further, the .NET 7 app that uses this library needs to be validated on the major version it will be deployed, but all the dependencies do not require recompilation.  Thus going back to if the primary assembly that has the static entry point would also require recompilation.

Author: I have added note about libraries. Could you please take a look?

Reviewer 2: That was a good addition.

After a release goes out, the release branches generally stop producing daily builds and instead start producing servicing builds. Servicing versions have a `-servicing-[number]` appended to the version. For example, `5.0.1-servicing-006924`.

## .NET runtime compatibility

> The .NET runtime maintains a high level of compatibility between versions. .NET applications should, by and large, continue to work after upgrading to a new major .NET runtime version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The .NET runtime maintains a high level of compatibility between versions. .NET apps should, by and large, continue to work after upgrading to a new major .NET runtime version.
```

> Each major .NET runtime version contains intentional, carefully vetted, and documented [breaking changes](../compatibility/breaking-changes.md). The documented breaking changes aren't the only source of issues that can affect an application after upgrade. For example, a performance improvement in the .NET runtime (that's not considered to be a breaking change) can expose latent application threading bugs that cause the app not to work on that version. It's expected for large applications to require a few fixes after upgrading to a new .NET runtime major version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each major .NET runtime version contains intentional, carefully vetted, and documented [breaking changes](../compatibility/breaking-changes.md). The documented breaking changes aren't the only source of issues that can affect an app after upgrade. For example, a performance improvement in the .NET runtime (that's not considered to be a breaking change) can expose latent app threading bugs that cause the app to not work on that version. It's expected for large apps to require a few fixes after upgrading to a new .NET runtime major version.
```

Adverb placement and consistency with app vs application.

> By default, .NET apps are configured to run on a given .NET runtime major version, so recompilation is highly recommended to upgrade the application to run on a new .NET runtime major version. Then retest the application after upgrading to identify any issues.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, .NET apps are configured to run on a given .NET runtime major version, so recompilation is highly recommended to upgrade the app to run on a new .NET runtime major version. Then retest the app after upgrading to identify any issues.
```

> .NET apps are configured to run on a given .NET runtime major version by default, so recompilation is highly recommended to upgrade the application to run on a new .NET runtime major version. Then retest the application after upgrading to identify any issues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, .NET apps are configured to run on a given .NET runtime major version, so recompilation is highly recommended to upgrade the application to run on a new .NET runtime major version. Then retest the application after upgrading to identify any issues.
```

> Suppose upgrading via app recompilation isn't feasible. In that case, the .NET runtime provides [additional settings](selection.md#control-roll-forward-behavior) to enable an application to run on a higher major .NET runtime version than the version it was compiled for. These settings don't change the risks involved in upgrading the app to a higher major .NET runtime version, and it's still required to retest the app post upgrade.

Author: ```suggestion
Suppose upgrading via app recompilation isn't feasible. In that case, the .NET runtime provides [additional settings](selection.md#control-roll-forward-behavior) to enable an app to run on a higher major .NET runtime version than the version it was compiled for. These settings don't change the risks involved in upgrading the app to a higher major .NET runtime version, and it's still required to retest the app post upgrade.
```

> If upgrading via application recompilation isn't feasible, the .NET runtime provides [additional settings](selection.md#control-roll-forward-behavior) to enable an application to run on a higher major .NET runtime version than the version it was compiled for. These setting do not change the risks involved in upgrading the application to a higher major .NET runtime version, and it's still required to retest the app after upgrade.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Suppose upgrading via app recompilation isn't feasible. In that case, the .NET runtime provides [additional settings](selection.md#control-roll-forward-behavior) to enable an application to run on a higher major .NET runtime version than the version it was compiled for. These settings don't change the risks involved in upgrading the app to a higher major .NET runtime version, and it's still required to retest the app post upgrade.
```

> The .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. An app upgraded to newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It isn't necessary to simultaneously upgrade the target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages referenced by the application.

Author: ```suggestion
The .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. An app upgraded to newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It isn't necessary to simultaneously upgrade the target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages referenced by the app.
```

> The .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. An application upgraded to newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It isn't necessary to simultaneously upgrade the target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages referenced by the application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. An app upgraded to newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It isn't necessary to simultaneously upgrade the target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages referenced by the application.
```

> .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. Application upgraded to newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It is not necessary to upgrade target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages that the application is composed from at the same time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. An application upgraded to a newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It isn't necessary to simultaneously upgrade the target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages that the application is composed from.
```

Reviewer 4: Also not sure if "composed from" is technically correct?

Author: Change to "referenced by the application".

> .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. Application upgraded to newer major .NET runtime version can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It is not necessary to upgrade target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages that the application is composed from at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The .NET runtime supports loading libraries that target older .NET runtime versions. Applications upgraded to newer major .NET runtime versions can reference libraries and NuGet packages that target older .NET runtime versions. It is not necessary to upgrade the target runtime version of all libraries and NuGet packages that the application is composed from at the same time.
```
